README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img width="40%" src="figures/leetcode.png" /></p>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/) is really a fantastic platform for practicing Algorithms + Data Structures, this repository is mainly used to recite my idea and others ideas of solving leetcode problems. I will try my best to update this repository regularly. Give me :+1: :+1: :+1: :+1: :+1:. 



## Problems based on frequency

| Top | NO. | Title | Solution | Note | Difficulty | Time Complexity | Space Complexity |Tag|
|---|---|-----|--------|----|----------|----|-----|---|
|1|(1)|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/)|[Python](001-two-sum/solution.py)|[Note](001-two-sum/README.md)| easy | O(n) | O(n)| _Array_, _Hash Table_ |
|2|(2)|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/description/)|[Python](002-add-two-numbers/solution.py)|[Note](002-add-two-numbers/README.md)| medium | O(m+n)| O(m+n)| _linked list_ |
|3|(13)| [Roman to Intergers](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/description/)| [Python](013-roman-to-integer/solution.py)|[Note](013-roman-to-integer/README.md)| easy| O(n)| O(n)| _string_ |
|30|(53)| [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/description/) | [Pythin](053-maximum-subarray/solution.py) | [Note](053-maximum-subarray/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _dynamical programming_|
|34|(169)| [Majority Elememnt](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/description/) | [Python](169-majority-element/solution.py) | [Note](169-majority-element/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _array_ |
|82| (219)| [Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/description/) | [Python](219-contains-duplicate-ii/solution.py) | [Note](219-contains-duplicate-ii/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(n) | _hash table_ | 
|126| (268) | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/) | [Python](268-missing-number/solution.py) | [Note](268-missing-number/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _bit manipulation_ | 
|142|(287)| [Find the Duplicate Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-duplicate-number/description/) | [Python](287-find-duplicate-number/solution.py) | [Note](287-find-duplicate-number/README.md) | medium | O(n) | O(1) | _cycle detection_ |
|149|(89)| [Gray Code](https://leetcode.com/problems/gray-code/description/)| [Python](89-gray-code/solution.py) | [Note](89-gray-code/README.md) | medium | O(2^n) | O(2^n) | _recursion_ |  
|184|(717)| [1-bit and 2-bit Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/description/) | [Python](717-bit-characters/solution.py) | [Note](717-bit-characters/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _array_ | 
|221|(215)| [Kth Largest Element in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/description/)| [Python](215-K-largest-element/solution.py)|[Note](215-K-largest-element/README.md) | medium | O(k+(n-k)*lgk) | O(k) | _heap_ |
|322|(74)| [Search a 2D Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/description/)| [Python](74-search-matrix/solution.py) | [Note](74-search-matrix/README.md)| medium | O(lgmn) | O(1) | _binary search_|
|458|(718)| [Maximum Length of Repeated Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-repeated-subarray/description/) | [Python](718-maximum-repeated-subarray/solution.py) | [Note](718-maximum-repeated-subarray/README.md) | medium | O(mn) | O(mn) | _dynamical programming_|

Commit message:

442 find all duplicates in an array

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img width="40%" src="figures/leetcode.png" /></p>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/) is really a fantastic platform for practicing Algorithms + Data Structures, this repository is mainly used to recite my idea and others ideas of solving leetcode problems. I will try my best to update this repository regularly. Give me :+1: :+1: :+1: :+1: :+1:. 



## Problems based on frequency

| Top | NO. | Title | Solution | Note | Difficulty | Time Complexity | Space Complexity |Tag|
|---|---|-----|--------|----|----------|----|-----|---|
|1|(1)|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/)|[Python](001-two-sum/solution.py)|[Note](001-two-sum/README.md)| easy | O(n) | O(n)| _Array_, _Hash Table_ |
|2|(2)|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/description/)|[Python](002-add-two-numbers/solution.py)|[Note](002-add-two-numbers/README.md)| medium | O(m+n)| O(m+n)| _linked list_ |
|3|(13)| [Roman to Intergers](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/description/)| [Python](013-roman-to-integer/solution.py)|[Note](013-roman-to-integer/README.md)| easy| O(n)| O(n)| _string_ |
|30|(53)| [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/description/) | [Pythin](053-maximum-subarray/solution.py) | [Note](053-maximum-subarray/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _dynamical programming_|
|34|(169)| [Majority Elememnt](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/description/) | [Python](169-majority-element/solution.py) | [Note](169-majority-element/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _array_ |
|82| (219)| [Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/description/) | [Python](219-contains-duplicate-ii/solution.py) | [Note](219-contains-duplicate-ii/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(n) | _hash table_ | 
|126| (268) | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/) | [Python](268-missing-number/solution.py) | [Note](268-missing-number/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _bit manipulation_ | 
|142|(287)| [Find the Duplicate Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-duplicate-number/description/) | [Python](287-find-duplicate-number/solution.py) | [Note](287-find-duplicate-number/README.md) | medium | O(n) | O(1) | _cycle detection_ |
|149|(89)| [Gray Code](https://leetcode.com/problems/gray-code/description/)| [Python](89-gray-code/solution.py) | [Note](89-gray-code/README.md) | medium | O(2^n) | O(2^n) | _recursion_ |  
|184|(717)| [1-bit and 2-bit Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/description/) | [Python](717-bit-characters/solution.py) | [Note](717-bit-characters/README.md) | easy | O(n) | O(1) | _array_ |
|195| (442) | [Find All Duplicates in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-duplicates-in-an-array/description/) | [Python](442-find-all-duplicates-in-an-array/solution.py) | [Note](442-find-all-duplicates-in-an-array/README.md) | medium | O(n) | O(1) | _array_|
|221|(215)| [Kth Largest Element in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/description/)| [Python](215-K-largest-element/solution.py)|[Note](215-K-largest-element/README.md) | medium | O(k+(n-k)*lgk) | O(k) | _heap_ |
|322|(74)| [Search a 2D Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/description/)| [Python](74-search-matrix/solution.py) | [Note](74-search-matrix/README.md)| medium | O(lgmn) | O(1) | _binary search_|
|458|(718)| [Maximum Length of Repeated Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-repeated-subarray/description/) | [Python](718-maximum-repeated-subarray/solution.py) | [Note](718-maximum-repeated-subarray/README.md) | medium | O(mn) | O(mn) | _dynamical programming_|
